Selecting device 0 GeForce GTX 960
pressVel: 0.002994 0.002994 0.002994
volScaleXYZ: 1.000015 1.000015 1.000015
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 100 1.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 200 2.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 300 3.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 400 4.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 500 5.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 600 6.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 700 7.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 800 8.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 900 9.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1000 10.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1100 11.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1200 12.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1300 13.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1400 14.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1500 15.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1600 16.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1700 17.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1800 18.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 1900 19.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2000 20.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2100 21.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2200 22.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2300 23.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2400 24.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2500 25.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2600 26.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2700 27.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2800 28.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 2900 29.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3000 30.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3100 31.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3200 32.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3300 33.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3400 34.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3500 35.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3600 36.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3700 37.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3800 38.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 3900 39.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4000 40.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4100 41.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4200 42.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4300 43.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4400 44.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4500 45.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4600 46.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4700 47.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4800 48.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 4900 49.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5000 50.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5100 51.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5200 52.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5300 53.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5400 54.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5500 55.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5600 56.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5700 57.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5800 58.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 5900 59.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6000 60.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6100 61.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6200 62.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6300 63.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6400 64.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6500 65.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6600 66.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6700 67.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6800 68.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 6900 69.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7000 70.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7100 71.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7200 72.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7300 73.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7400 74.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7500 75.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7600 76.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7700 77.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7800 78.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 7900 79.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8000 80.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8100 81.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8200 82.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8300 83.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8400 84.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8500 85.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8600 86.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8700 87.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8800 88.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 8900 89.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9000 90.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9100 91.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9200 92.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9300 93.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9400 94.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9500 95.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9600 96.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9700 97.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9800 98.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 9900 99.00 percent done.
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
pressVel: -nan -nan -nan
volScaleXYZ: -nan -nan -nan
Turn 10000 100.00 percent done.
runtime 114.659838
5.581728e+06 particle timesteps per second
nan
